I tried to get in that form god of
thunder zone because I'm feeling was
Zeus ish right what's all my thing close
to with heavy hell yeah when you're
out there you won't be charging so as
soon as I cross the threshold of the
door yeah you leave all reality behind
and you're just door
give it as a child pry this will be um
cry yes what do you do with see best
thing to do is kind of display it off if
nothing is going to happen tonight no of
course not but if it does that is
something that that can happen play it
off the best you can you cry back and
just kind of emphasize yeah kind of kind
of feel like that is they tend to take
it a little bit easier it's like oh he's
scared of me to have a feeling
I mean the kids were great and it's just
amazing how they'll just come up to you
and hug you and stopped because you
think that you know you wonder what's
kind of there's different rules when
you're wearing that Thor uniform
it's supposed to be there for the kids
but you really don't see anybody under
you're like yeah chestnut stuff that's
the second purpose of the spotter and
you're not only to make sure that you
guys were great you guys are everybody
I will say the first thing i noticed
that was different between doing this by
shantou was um was a suit and I found
even though it was a fairly hot day in
the 80s I thought it was a cool uniform
I if you know splish has a big belly and
it just it ventilates better and being
outside I thought you got more errand
and stuff like that neither one smelled
good but I think because like I got the
splash out for the early in a season it
wasn't as bad but you know that's kind
of the thing they do that you get used
to a pretty quick though I mean it
wasn't you know you definitely notice it
and then you kind of get used to it I
thought and I thought there was more
similarities like the way that you they
like the kids look at you you know
they're a symbol I think best way to put
in is is both the one spot your kind of
symbol that it's time to have fun so
once a it so it's easy everybody kind of
makes fun of mascot that this is
made hot in there and its really really
smelly but it's kind of cool when you
when you just look at the kids faces
yeah and they so was kind of it really
was it was kind of it's kind of really
interesting and they I mean they'd like
him so much